# 232. Implement Queue using Stacks
## Information
* Date：2020-05-14
* Link：[English](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/)/[中文](https://leetcode-cn.com/problems/implement-queue-using-stacks/)
* Tag：`Stack` `Design`

## Problem Description
Implement a first in first out (FIFO) queue using only two stacks. The implemented queue should support all the functions of a normal queue (push, peek, pop, and empty).   
Implement the MyQueue class:
* void push(int x) Pushes element x to the back of the queue.
* int pop() Removes the element from the front of the queue and returns it.
* int peek() Returns the element at the front of the queue.
* boolean empty() Returns true if the queue is empty, false otherwise.
### Notes: 
You must use only standard operations of a stack, which means only push to top, peek/pop from top, size, and is empty operations are valid.   
Depending on your language, the stack may not be supported natively. You may simulate a stack using a list or deque (double-ended queue) as long as you use only a stack's standard operations.
### Follow-up: 
Can you implement the queue such that each operation is amortized O(1) time complexity? In other words, performing n operations will take overall O(n) time even if one of those operations may take longer.
### Example 1:
Input   
["MyQueue", "push", "push", "peek", "pop", "empty"]   
[[], [1], [2], [], [], []]   
Output   
[null, null, null, 1, 1, false]
   
Explanation   
MyQueue myQueue = new MyQueue();   
myQueue.push(1); // queue is: [1]   
myQueue.push(2); // queue is: [1, 2] (leftmost is front of the queue)   
myQueue.peek(); // return 1   
myQueue.pop(); // return 1, queue is [2]   
myQueue.empty(); // return false   
### Constraints:
* 1 <= x <= 9
* At most 100 calls will be made to push, pop, peek, and empty.
* All the calls to pop and peek are valid.
## Solutions
### Analysis
使用两个Stack可以组成一个Queue。
### Source Code
#### Java
#### C
#### C++
* Runtime: 0 ms, faster than 100.00% of C++ online submissions for Implement Queue using Stacks.
* Memory Usage: 6.9 MB, less than 61.95% of C++ online submissions for Implement Queue using Stacks.
```cpp
/**
 * @author RyuuI
 */
class MyQueue {
public:
    stack<int> frontStack, backStack;
    /** Initialize your data structure here. */
    MyQueue() {
    }
    
    /** Push element x to the back of queue. */
    void push(int x) {
        backStack.push(x);
    }
    
    /** Removes the element from in front of queue and returns that element. */
    int pop() {
        backToFront();
        int top = frontStack.top();
        frontStack.pop();
        return top;
    }
    
    /** Get the front element. */
    int peek() {
        backToFront();
        return frontStack.top();
    }
    
    /** Returns whether the queue is empty. */
    bool empty() {
        return frontStack.empty() && backStack.empty();
    }
private:
    void backToFront(){
        if(frontStack.size()==0){
            while(!backStack.empty()){
                frontStack.push(backStack.top());
                backStack.pop();
            }
        }
    }
};

/**
 * Your MyQueue object will be instantiated and called as such:
 * MyQueue* obj = new MyQueue();
 * obj->push(x);
 * int param_2 = obj->pop();
 * int param_3 = obj->peek();
 * bool param_4 = obj->empty();
 */
```
#### Python
#### Go
* Runtime: 0 ms, faster than 100.00% of Go online submissions for Implement Queue using Stacks.
* Memory Usage: 2 MB, less than 100.00% of Go online submissions for Implement Queue using Stacks.
```go
/**
 * @author RyuuI
 */
type MyQueue struct {
    frontStack, backStack []int
}

/** Initialize your data structure here. */
func Constructor() MyQueue {
    var frontStack, backStack []int
    return MyQueue{frontStack, backStack}
}

/** Push element x to the back of queue. */
func (this *MyQueue) Push(x int)  {
    this.backStack = append(this.backStack,x)
}

/** Removes the element from in front of queue and returns that element. */
func (this *MyQueue) Pop() int {
    this.frontToBack()
    top := this.frontStack[len(this.frontStack)-1]
    this.frontStack = this.frontStack[0:len(this.frontStack)-1]
    return top
}

/** Get the front element. */
func (this *MyQueue) Peek() int {
    this.frontToBack()
    return this.frontStack[len(this.frontStack)-1]
}

/** Returns whether the queue is empty. */
func (this *MyQueue) Empty() bool {
    return len(this.frontStack)==0 && len(this.backStack)==0
}

func (this *MyQueue) frontToBack() {
  if len(this.frontStack)==0{
    for len(this.backStack)!=0 {
      this.frontStack = append(this.frontStack,this.backStack[len(this.backStack)-1])
      this.backStack = this.backStack[0:len(this.backStack)-1]
    }
  }

}

/**
 * Your MyQueue object will be instantiated and called as such:
 * obj := Constructor();
 * obj.Push(x);
 * param_2 := obj.Pop();
 * param_3 := obj.Peek();
 * param_4 := obj.Empty();
 */
```
#### JS
